Goals and Domain Assumptions

1 Goals

• [G1] Ensures that only the account owner can access his/her own 
  account, if he/she is already registered.

• [G2] Allows the user to reserve an available car for up to one 
  hour before the service starts.

• [G3] Allows the user to take back his/her reservation for an 
  available car before the “picking up time” expires.

• [G4] Allows the user to monitor the status of the available 
  cars within an area that he/she specified, or in the nearby 
  areas, for a possible reservation. If the car has a low battery 
  charge, such as less than 20%, it does not appear on the user 
  interface.

• [G5] Ensures that the user is able to trace/check the status of 
  a car, available or already reserved, and receive push 
  notification about it.

• [G6] Ensures that the user is able to access, and open, the car 
  he/she reserved, if he/she is in time.

• [G7] Ensures that the service, and the carghing on the user, 
  starts only when the engine of a car is ignited.

• [G7] Ensures that the user is informed real-time on the current 
  cost of the service, when using it, and the possible discounts 
  and overcharges.

• [G8] Allows the user to stop the car for a brief moment to rest 
  or to pick up / leave passengers. He/she will however still be 
  charged.

• [G9] Ensures that the user knows the safe area around him/her. 
  is informed by the car internal system of the safe-areas around 
  him/her, within a specified range (like a mini-map).

• [G10] Allows the user to press a button on the car to contact 
  an operator in case of emergency, such as a car accident, a 
  mechanical problem or sudden ilness.

• [G11] Ensures that the user receive a discount or overcharge 
  when specific conditions are met.

• [G12] Ensures that when the user leaves the car and closes the 
  door, the service ends and the user isn't charghed anymore.

• [G13] Ensures that when the user picks up a car, it has no 
  mechanical or electrical problem.

1.1 Specification about goals

• [G5] derives from the idea that multiple users may want to use 
  tha same available car. Only one is able to make a reservation, 
  but the others may be interested to check if the car is 
  effectively taken by the reserving user. It could happen that 
  he/she takes back the reservation or simply doesn't pick up the 
  car within the reservation time. In such case, the car would be 
  available once again and all the interested users will receive 
  a notification about it. 

• [G9] is one of the functional goals that provides the user a 
  reliable way to “help” the service to work correctely. Being 
  notified of the nearby zones to park, it will be unlikely for 
  him/her to abandon the car midway.

• [G11] refers to the particular condition expressed in the 
  project description. If the user takes on two ore more 
  passengers, he/she receives a discount of 10% on the cost of 
  the ride. If the user leaves the car with more than 50% of the 
  battery available, a discount of 20% is applied. If the user 
  plugs in the car before ending the service, the applied 
  discount is 30% over the total. However, if the user leaves the 
  car 3 km far from a safe area or with less than 20% of the 
  battery available, he/she is overcharged of 30% of the cost of 
  the ride.

  Domain assumptions

• All the GPS localisation services have no fault and always 
  returns the correct position of a device (car, phone, 
  tablet...).

• If a car is locked, nobody can access it. However, technicians 
  are able to use a code to operate on it.

• The databases on which the system relies on works without 
  problems (no data loss, no incoherence).

• Once a user is registered, the system won't accept any other 
  registration with his/her data. In other words, a user can 
  register only once.

• Once a user is registered, his/her information will be saved 
  and present in the system database.

• All the notifications that a user can receive from his/her 
  account are immediate and always working.

• All the updates of the status of a car are immediate and 
  correct.

• A user will never leave the car in a zone unreachable by GPS 
  localisation or too far from the nearest safe-area.

• A user will never leave the car with a door open, and neither 
  the passengers will.

• Users will encounter no problems when accessing the car using a 
  code.

• When registering, users will insert only Credit Card info or 
  Debit Card info as methods of payment.

• Technicians and operators are always available and provided by 
  a third party agent.

• Passwords and codes are unique.

• Discounts and overcharges are always calculated and applied in 
  the correct way.

• Technicians and other services (police, ambulances, firetrucks) 
  will reach the location addressed by the user/operator in the 
  shortest possible time.

• Every car is able to detect it a mechanical/electrical problem 
  occurs, and modify its internal status.

• The set of safe areas for parking cars is pre-defined by the 
  management system.

2 Glossary

• User: is the person that benefits of the car-sharing service. 
  The user is able to make reservations, check cars and ask for 
  notification using his/her own account. To register and be able 
  to use the service, the user must provide name, surname, phone 
  number, e-mail, payment information, such as a credit card 
  number, and his/her Driver License. The user is, in fact, the 
  person who drives a car.

• Car: is one of the electric car provided by the service. The 
  car contains various sensors which are able to detect the 
  number of passengers, the status of the mechanical and 
  electrical components of the car. It also possess its own 
  system, connected to the main system of the service. This 
  system is costantly updated on the status of the car. The car 
  has also a screen that makes possible an interaction between 
  the user and the car system, and a button that the user can 
  press in case of emergency.

• Reservation: it's the process by which the user can make a 
  request for a car. First, the user must access his/her own 
  account. From there, he can insert an address or chose his 
  location, via GPS, to search for available cars from the 
  suggested zone. Lastly, he can request a specific car to use.

• GPS: global navigation satellite system that provides location 
  and time information in all weather conditions, anywhere on or 
  near the Earth where there is an unobstructed line of sight to 
  four or more GPS satellites. 

• Picking up time / Reservation time: it's the period of time 
  between the time when the user reserves a car from his/her 
  account and the unlocking of the car by the same user. The 
  maximum reservation time, allowed by the system, is one hour.



• Passenger: is a person who can benefit of the service without 
  driving the car. The passenger can use a car only when an user 
  is driving it, and it doesn't need to be registered to use the 
  service.

• Technician: is the person dedicated to repair and fix the car. 
  It is provided by an external company.

• Opertor: is the person that communicates with the user whenever 
  an accident happens during the service and emergency button on 
  the used car is pressed. The operator contacts other services 
  depending on which type of accident occured, such as ambulance, 
  police, firetrucks, technicians. As the latter ones, the 
  operator is provided by an external company.

• Safe area: it is a specific area where the electric cars of 
  PowerEnJoy service can park. The set of safe areas is 
  pre-defined and owned by the company/society that requested the 
  management system for the service.

• System: it is the new system to create. It refers to the 
  software and hardware needed in order to make the service work. 
  The system is composed of a database (or more than one) to 
  store the users and cars information, and the software needed 
  to manage users actions and the single cars.

• Car system: is the system, mostly hardware, contained in every 
  car. It checks and elaborates the status of the car and 
  interfaces the transport, the user and the system. The user can 
  interact with the car thanks to an installed screen, that shows 
  informations about the service cost, a GPS based map, discounts 
  and so on. Every car system sends information to the system via 
  3G connection, and viceversa. 

• Discount: is an amount of money that has to be subtracted from 
  the ride cost of a user, at the end of the service, if certain 
  conditions (described in section 1.1, goals specification 3) 
  are met.

• Overcharge: is an amount of money that has to be added to the 
  ride cost of a user, at the end of the service, if certain 
  conditions (described in section 1.1, goals specification 3) 
  are met.

• Ride: it is the journey in the electric car. It starts when the 
  user turns on the car and ends when the user leaves the car and 
  closes the open doors. In the way a ride is defined, its 
  duration coincides with the period of time where the user is 
  charged for the service.

• Service: it refers to the whole process of reservation, ride 
  and payment of a car, done by the user.

• Push notification/ push message: it is a notification sent to a 
  smartphone using the mobile application.

• SMS: short message service; it is a notification sent to a 
  mobile phone, we need a GSM gateway to use it.

• GMS gateway: device that allows SMS text messages to be sent 
  and/or received by email, from Web pages or from other software 
  applications by acquiring a unique identifier from the mobile 
  phone's Subscriber Identity Module, or SIM card.

3 Requirements

3.1 Functional requirements



