RASD




Table of Contents

1 Introduction
1.1 Purpose of the system and brief description of the problem
1.2 Actors and stakeholders
1.3 Goals
1.4 Goals further description
1.5 Glossary
1.6 Text assumptions
2 Overall description
2.1 Interfaces description
2.2 Product functions
2.3 Constraints
2.3.1 Regulatory policies
2.3.2 Possible software limitations
2.3.3 Hardware limitations
2.4 Proposed system
2.5 Domain assumptions
3 Requirements
3.1 Functional requirements
3.2 Non functional requirements
3.2.1 Usability
3.2.2 Performance
3.2.3 Interfaces mockup
4 Modeling
4.1 Scenario identifying
4.1.1 Scenario 1
4.1.2 Scenario 2
4.1.3 Scenario 3
4.1.4 Scenario 4
4.1.5 Scenario 5
4.1.6 Scenario 6
4.2 UML models
4.2.1 Use case diagram
4.2.2 Use case descriptions





1 Introduction

1.1 Purpose of the system and brief description of the problem

PowerEnJoy is an electrical car sharing service, based on a 
mobile application. The targets of the service, intended as 
users, are people that needs to move from a place to another 
within a city and requires a conveyance to move (because they 
don't have their own or simply can't use it).
A user can make a reservation for a car, using the mobile app and 
his/her account, and check for the availability and status of all 
the cars within his/her position, identified using GPS 
localisation, or a specific one, inserted manually by the user. 
As stated before, to access the service, the user must possess a 
private account, so a registration is needed. 
The system provides the users a safe way (identification code) to 
access the cars, and the riding service and keeps trace of the 
status of all the cars.
Moreover, the system prizes or punishes a respectively good or 
bad behavior from the users, applying a discount or an overcharge 
on the cost of a ride. As esxample, if the user leaves the car 
without much battery, he/she will have to pay more than the 
standard cost of the ride, because the car will need to be 
charged and this operation has a cost. On the other hand, if a 
user plugs the car before ending the service, it receives a 
discount.
The system includes other functionalities, such as GPS based maps 
available in every car, an emergency procedure in case an 
accident occur during a ride and the notification of a car status 
if the user requested it.

The purpose of the system, referring to both the main and each 
car systems, is to offer a reliable, efficient and safe service, 
allowing the user to benefit of the offered electric cars when 
needed.

1.2 Actors and stakeholders

We can clearly make a distinction between who asks for the 
service and who will actually use it.

• As in the Car2Go service, the stakeholder may be a corporation 
  realted to the automotive world. However we don't exclude the 
  possibility that a city government could ask for this software, 
  to improve the transport condition of the city or simply to 
  lessen the environmental impact of transport. 

• The clients of the service are the so called users. User is 
  whoever needs the car sharing service benefits of it.

We can also increase the scope to include more actors, 
implicitely present in the service: the cars, that plays a 
fundamental role of interaction between the user and the system 
(other than being a brainless transport), and the operators of 
companies that provides services like technical and emergency 
support.

1.3 Goals

• [G1] Ensures that only the account owner can access his/her own 
  account, if he/she is already registered.

• [G2] Allows the user to reserve an available car for up to one 
  hour before the service starts and to take back such 
  reservation before the picking up time expires.

• [G3] Allows the user to look for the available cars within an 
  area that he/she specified, or in the nearby areas, for a 
  possible reservation. If the car has a low battery charge, less 
  than 20%, it does not appear on the user interface.

• [G4] Ensures that the user is able to trace/check the status of 
  a car, available or already reserved, and receive push 
  notifications about it.

• [G5] Ensures that the user is able to access, and open, the car 
  he/she reserved, if he/she is in time.

• [G6] Ensures that the service, and the charge on the user, 
  starts only when the engine of a car is ignited.

• [G7] Ensures that the user is informed real-time on the current 
  cost of the service, when using it, and the possible discounts 
  and overcharges.

• [G8] Ensures that the user knows the safe area around him/her, 
  during the ride. 

• [G9] Allows the user to press a button on the car to contact an 
  operator in case of emergency, such as a car accident, a 
  mechanical problem or sudden ilness.

• [G10] Allows the user to leave the car but continue to use the 
  service.

• [G11] Ensures that the user can end the service at any time. 

• [G12] Ensures that the user receives a discount or overcharge 
  when specific conditions are met.

• [G13] Ensures that the user is notified of the applied discount 
  and overcharges once the service ends and payment is applied.

• [G14] Ensures that when the user picks up a car, it has no 
  mechanical or electrical problem.

1.4 Goals further description

• [G1] leaves out a particular scenario. The system won't 
  actually be able to know if the person accessing the account is 
  the real owner. A user can just give the credential to a 
  friend, and this friend can access and use the service as if it 
  was the real user. Such case, is a decision, or problem, of the 
  user and the system can't do anything to avoid or simply 
  recognise it.

• [G3] denies the possibility to use a car when the battery is 
  very low, less than 20% of charge. This represents the behavior 
  of a person in the real world. Nobody would chose a car if it 
  would not be able to reach the destination. A user would prefer 
  a charged car, to drive for longer distances.

• [G4] derives from the idea that multiple users may want to use 
  tha same available car. Only one is able to make a reservation, 
  but the others may be interested to check if the car is 
  effectively taken by the reserving user. It could happen that 
  he/she takes back the reservation or simply doesn't pick up the 
  car within the reservation time. In such case, the car would be 
  available once again and all the interested users will receive 
  a notification about it. 

• [G9] is one of the functional goals that provides the user a 
  reliable way to “help” the service to work correctely. Being 
  notified of the nearby zones to park, it will be unlikely for 
  him/her to abandon the car midway.

• [G10] considers the real world, where a user may take the car 
  to do shopping. The service provided shoul allow the user to 
  stop and do his/her business.

• [G12] refers to the particular condition expressed in the 
  project description. If the user takes on two ore more 
  passengers, he/she receives a discount of 10% on the cost of 
  the ride. If the user leaves the car with more than 50% of the 
  battery available, a discount of 20% is applied. If the user 
  plugs in the car before ending the service, the applied 
  discount is 30% over the total. However, if the user leaves the 
  car 3 km far from a safe area or with less than 20% of the 
  battery available, he/she is overcharged of 30% of the cost of 
  the ride.

1.5 Glossary

• User: is the person that benefits of the car-sharing service. 
  The user is able to make reservations, check cars and ask for 
  notification using his/her own account. To register and be able 
  to use the service, the user must provide name, surname, phone 
  number, e-mail, payment information, such as a credit card 
  number, and his/her Driver License. The user is, in fact, the 
  person who drives a car.

• Car: is one of the electric car provided by the service. The 
  car contains various sensors which are able to detect the 
  number of passengers, the status of the mechanical and 
  electrical components of the car. It also possess its own 
  system, connected to the main system of the service. This 
  system is costantly updated on the status of the car. The car 
  has also a screen that makes possible an interaction between 
  the user and the car system, and a button that the user can 
  press in case of emergency.

• Mobile application: it is the app that the user has to install 
  on his/her mobile device in order to use the service.

• Reservation: it's the process by which the user can make a 
  request for a car. First, the user must access his/her own 
  account. From there, he can insert an address or chose his 
  location, via GPS, to search for available cars from the 
  suggested zone. Lastly, he can request a specific car to use.

• Monitoring: it it the process by which the user can chose one 
  or more cars to be notified about its availability. The 
  monitoring only involves cars that are not already picked up 
  and 

• GPS: global navigation satellite system that provides location 
  and time information in all weather conditions, anywhere on or 
  near the Earth where there is an unobstructed line of sight to 
  four or more GPS satellites. 

• Picking up time / Reservation time: it is the period of time 
  between the time when the user reserves a car from his/her 
  account and the unlocking of the car by the same user. The 
  maximum reservation time, allowed by the system, is one hour.

• Reservation countdown: it is the countdown after which the user 
  is charged of a fee if it has not picked up the car.



• Passenger: is a person who can benefit of the service without 
  driving the car. The passenger can use a car only when an user 
  is driving it, and it doesn't need to be registered to use the 
  service.

• Technician: is the person dedicated to repair and fix the car. 
  It is provided by an external company.

• Operator: is the person that communicates with the user 
  whenever an accident happens during the service and emergency 
  button on the used car is pressed. The operator contacts other 
  services depending on which type of accident occured, such as 
  ambulance, police, firetrucks, technicians. As the latter ones, 
  the operator is provided by an external company.

• Safe area: it is a specific area where the electric cars of 
  PowerEnJoy service can park. The set of safe areas is 
  pre-defined and owned by the company/society that requested the 
  management system for the service.

• Special safe area: it is a safe area where power grid stations 
  are installed.

• Power grid station: it is an installation that allows the 
  recgharge of an electric car.

• System: it is the new system to create. It refers to the 
  software and hardware needed in order to make the service work. 
  The system is composed of a database (or more than one) to 
  store the users and cars information, and the software needed 
  to manage users actions and the single cars.

• Car system: is the system, mostly hardware, contained in every 
  car. It checks and elaborates the status of the car and 
  interfaces the transport, the user and the system. The user can 
  interact with the car thanks to an installed screen, that shows 
  informations about the service cost, a GPS based map, discounts 
  and so on. Every car system sends information to the system via 
  3G connection, and viceversa. 

• Discount: is an amount of money that has to be subtracted from 
  the ride cost of a user, at the end of the service, if certain 
  conditions (described in section 1.1, goals specification 3) 
  are met.

• Overcharge: is an amount of money that has to be added to the 
  ride cost of a user, at the end of the service, if certain 
  conditions (described in section 1.1, goals specification 3) 
  are met.

• Ride: it is the journey in the electric car. It starts when the 
  user turns on the car and ends when the user leaves the car and 
  closes the open doors. In the way a ride is defined, its 
  duration coincides with the period of time where the user is 
  charged for the service.

• Service: it refers to the whole process of reservation, ride 
  and payment of a car, done by the user.

• Push notification/ push message: it is a notification sent to a 
  smartphone using the mobile application.

• SMS: short message service; it is a notification sent to a 
  mobile phone, we need a GSM gateway to use it.

• GMS gateway: device that allows SMS text messages to be sent 
  and/or received by email, from Web pages or from other software 
  applications by acquiring a unique identifier from the mobile 
  phone's Subscriber Identity Module, or SIM card.

1.6 Text assumptions

• We do not consider the case where someone can use the 
  credentials of someone else, maybe a friend: such possibility 
  is purely user-related and the system has no way to control it.

• We should develop a mobile application able to use the position 
  of a device through a GPS or asking it to the user.

• Users are asked to make a reservation before using an electric 
  car. Other car-sharing service like Car2Go allow also a use 
  without reservation, but such case is not contemplated.

• There must be some components that allow an interaction between 
  the user and the car, to make the first able to access the 
  second. We assume the existance of a numeric keypad connected 
  to the internal car system. Such keypad is also used by 
  technicians to unlock the car during repairs and controls.

• Users must first register to gain access to the main 
  functionalities offered by the system.

• The car possesses a screen to make possible an interaction with 
  the user and the car system.

• The ride fee calculated per minute depends on the situation. An 
  higher fee is applied when using the car, while a lower fee is 
  applied if the car is not parked in a safe zone and the service 
  is still active. If the car is parked in a safe area, the 
  service is free.

• We assume that the parking areas are provided by the PowerEnJoy 
  owners.

• The system is able to control some functionalities of the cars, 
  such as the door lock.

• The car possesses multiple sensors that allows, every moment, 
  to know its status, such as battery charge, decay of the 
  mechanical components or number of passengers.

• We assume that there are other societies that collaborate with 
  the system of PowerEnJoy. Technicians, operators, and other 
  actors belong to such companies.

2 Overall description

2.1 Interfaces description

• Interface with GSM provider to send SMS notifications to the 
  users.

• Interface with the external staff. Technicians and operators 
  are provided by a different company and the system needs to 
  interact with them.



• Interface between the user and the system, via app. The user is 
  able to access the offered services thanks to the application.

• Interface between the car system and the system, to enable the 
  communication of data.

• Interface between the system and the GPS map provider.

• Interface between the cars and the recharge stations, that 
  enables the recharge of the vehicle. It is composed by a plug 
  and sensors connected to the car system that are able to 
  recognise if the car is plugged (and recharging).

• Interface between the cars and the people, both users and 
  technicians. This interface refers to a device connected to the 
  car system that is able to recognise codes and unlock the car.

2.2 Product functions

2.3 Constraints

2.3.1 Regulatory policies

When registering, the system shows the user the license he/she 
has to accept in order to benefit from the offered services. 
Treatment of personal data follows the rules described by the law 
(Law D. Lgs. 196/2003 in Italy).
The system also asks the permission to use and manage sensible 
data such as position, mail and phone number, in order to achieve 
its purposes, respecting in every conditions and cases the 
privacy law.
The system mustn't use push notifications and SMSs to send SPAM 
and third party advertising, but can only use such means 
according to the offered services.

2.3.2 Possible software limitations

Problem regarding APIs management and integration can arise, 
leading to major complexities of the system and delays in the 
development of the system software.
The software that manages the system may not implement all the 
needed functionalities. Such problem is mostly due to a bad 
development.

2.3.3 Hardware limitations

The mobile device owned by the user is subject to many problems, 
mostly regarding the connectivity of network and localisation 
services:

• 3G connection, to use the app

• GPS, to use particular services of the app, such as providing 
  the user position to find available cars

• Space for app package on the device memory

• Battery consumption

2.4 Proposed system

We will implement a client-server architecture, based on the 
common REST APIs, to manage the web application. A MySQL based 
database is needed to store the data of users and cars. A 
possible framework for the server is Mono, derived on the .NET 
Framework offered by Microsoft, but working on a large number of 
OS, such as iOS, Android, OSX and Microsoft. Lastly, the car 
interfaces with the user using some of its artifacts, such as the 
emergency button (User -> Car System -> System -> Operators), the 
car screen or the numeric keypad to access the car or to end the 
service.

[float Figure:
<Graphics file: /Users/Luca/Software-Engineering-II-Project/RASD/ProposedSystem.png>
[Figure 1: 
Architecture
]


]

2.5 Domain assumptions

• All the GPS localisation services have no fault and always 
  returns the correct position of a device (car, phone, 
  tablet...).

• If a car is locked, nobody can access it. However, technicians 
  are able to use a code to operate on it.

• The databases on which the system relies on works without 
  problems (no data loss, no incoherence).

• Once a user is registered, the system won't accept any other 
  registration with his/her data. In other words, a user can 
  register only once.

• Once a user is registered, his/her information will be saved 
  and present in the system database.

• All the notifications that a user can receive from his/her 
  account are immediate and always working.

• All the updates of the status of a car are immediate and 
  correct.

• A user will never leave the car in a zone unreachable by GPS 
  localisation or too far from the nearest safe area.

• A user will never leave the car with a door open, and neither 
  the passengers will.

• A user will never leave a door open for more than ten minutes.

• Users will encounter no problems when accessing the car using a 
  code.

• When registering, users will insert only Credit Card info or 
  Debit Card info as methods of payment.

• Technicians and operators are always available and provided by 
  a third party agent.

• Passwords and codes are unique.

• Discounts and overcharges are always calculated and applied in 
  the correct way.

• Technicians and other services (police, ambulances, firetrucks) 
  will reach the location addressed by the user/operator in the 
  shortest possible time.

• Every car is able to detect it a mechanical/electrical problem 
  occurs, and modify its internal status.

• The set of safe areas for parking cars is pre-defined by the 
  management system.

3 Requirements

3.1 Functional requirements



3.2 Non functional requirements

3.2.1 Usability

• [R15] The system shall provide different languages that the 
  users can chose.

• [R16] Both the mobile app and the car screen shall use 
  different way to represent safe area and special areas with 
  power grid stations on the maps.

• [R17] The mobile application shall be installable on different 
  OS.

• [R18] Along with the push notifications, the mobile application 
  shall emit a brief sound.

• [R19] The system shall provide trivial information about the 
  service, such as discounts and overcharges conditions, rate 
  table and contacts.

3.2.2 Performance

All the possible issues regarding the performance of the whole 
system (system, mobile app and car systems) are already covered 
in the domain assumptions and as such not considered as 
requirements. 

• Operations are elaborated and completed without delays and in a 
  short amount of time. With short we mean a time comparable with 
  the times of the current systems. The discount calculation 
  won't take hours, as example.

• The menus and screens of all the devices will be smooth and 
  without graphical problems.

3.2.3 Interfaces mockup

[float Figure:


<Graphics file: /Users/Luca/Software-Engineering-II-Project/RASD/AppMockupV1.png>
[Figure 2: 
Mobile application sample 1
]
]

4 Modeling

4.1 Scenario identifying

In this sub-section we present some of the possible situations 
that can happen.

4.1.1 Scenario 1

Lilith just finished her work and can not wait to go home. 
However her car had some problems in the past few days and this 
morning Lilith decided to have it fixed. She opens her PowerEnJoy 
app on her phone and logs in her personal account. From there, 
she searches for the available cars around her. Fortunately, 
Lilith finds a car 500 meters from her position. The car is 
available and with a high battery charge, 75%. Lilith makes the 
reservation, specifying that in about half of an hour she will 
pick up the car. It just takes 20 minutes to reach the car and 
Lilith uses a special option on her page to receive via SMS a 
special code to unlock the car. The girl picks up the car and 
drives, enjoying the ride. She parks the car in the nearest safe 
area from her home, ends the service using the previous code and 
walks away.

4.1.2 Scenario 2

Mitch needs to go pick up his son at the elementary school and 
wants to use the PowerEnJoy service. He opens the app, logs in 
and reserves a car. Lilith just got out of her office and needs 
to go shopping for some food. She lend her car to her younger 
brother and because she is already accustomed to the PowerEnJoy 
service, she immediately logs in her account and searches for an 
available car. However, there is only one car in the neighborhood 
and it is already reserved (by Mitch). Lilith is faithful that 
the one that reserved it will have some problems and take back 
the reservation, so she requests to monitor the car and receives 
notifications about it. Meanwhile Mitch receives a phone call 
from her wife, telling him that she already picked up their son. 
The reservation time still hasn't expired yet and Mitch is able 
to take back his reservation. Lilith receives then a notification 
on her cellphone that the car she was monitoring became 
available. Happy about how things turned out, she reserves the 
car, goes pick it up and drives to a shopping centre.

4.1.3 Scenario 3

Mitch and his wife are going on a date and they are using a car 
offered by the PowerEnJoy service. Only Mitch needed to log in 
his account and make the reservation, before picking up the car, 
because he is the one who drives, while his wife is only a 
passenger. Mitch's wife is enjoying the ride but suddenly shouts 
to her husband to stop the car immediately: they just passed in 
front of a flower shop, and she loves flowers. Mitch satisfies 
the request of his wife, parks the car, after they have exited, 
he locks it with the ignition key. They pass about an hour in 
that shop, having fun. After that, Mitch opens the car and starts 
driving again, continuing the rest of the date with his wife.

4.1.4 Scenario 4

Lilith and her two sisters just got out of the jym and wants to 
go eat something. Hilda, one of the sisters, suggests a nice 
restaurant but it's pretty far from them, and they don't want to 
catch a bus to go there. Lilith tells then her sisters about 
PowerEnJoy and shows them how to make a reservation. Fortunately 
they find an available car just 100 meters from them. They go 
pick up the car and Lilith, the one who made the reservation, 
drives to the restaurant. Realizing that they will spend a lot of 
time there, Lilith decides to end the service when exiting the 
car, inserting once again the code she used to access the car. 
During the meal, Lilith realizes that after having picked up the 
car she turned off her phone. Once she turns it on, she sees that 
not long ago, just after the end of the service, she received a 
notification about the cost of the ride and its discounts. 
However, what she sees is unexpected: she received a discount 
because she took two passengers, her sisters, in the car, but she 
also had an overcharge of 30% because she parked the car 5 km 
away from the nearest safe area. Hilda laughing says: “I told you 
it was pretty far!”. Poor Lilith, looks like she won't enjoy her 
meal after all.

4.1.5 Scenario 5

Lilith has been working for 10 straight hours and feels very 
tired. She opens her PowerEnJoy application, searches for the 
available cars near her and reserves one. After having picked up 
the car using a special code received via SMS, she starts 
driving. Unfortunately, when waiting at a semaphore, someone 
collides with the car that Lilith is driving. No one is hurt, but 
boh the cars are in a bad shape. Lilith knows what to do and 
quicly presses the emergency button on the car and after a few 
seconds she is able to speak with an operator to explain the 
situation. The person that picks up the emergency call is Marie, 
that asks Lilith information about the accident, such as 
location, type of problem and general information. After that, 
Marie contacts a society that allocates some technicians and send 
them to the accident point. If needed, Marie contacts also 
police, ambulances and firefighters. Lilith doesn't have to 
worry: when she pressed the button, the service ended and she 
doesn't have to pay more than needed. Unlucky Lilith, looks like 
she won't be able to relax after her hard day.

4.1.6 Scenario 6

Mitch and his wife are thinking to go on a vacation, but they are 
undecided about the destination. The travel agency isn't far from 
their home so they decide to book an electric car and use it. 
Mitch opens the PowerEnJoy application, searches for the 
available cars and find one available. After having reserved it, 
requested the code to acces it, and picked it up, he drives, 
directed to the destination. Having used it a lot of times, Mitch 
knows the rate of the service, calculated per minute, and 
realizes that on his credit card there isn't enough money to pay 
the ride. However he also knows all the possible discounts and to 
spend less he parks the car in a safe zone with a power grid 
station and plugs it to recharge the battery. Luckily for him, he 
also left the car with more than 50% of the battery, so as soon 
as he ends the service, he receives a notification on his phone 
about the 30% discount due to the plugging in and 20% due to the 
battery level. Mitch is very happy because he only payed half of 
the cost, but so isn't his wife: to receive the first discount he 
parked 2km away from the travel agency, so they now have to go by 
feet. 

4.2 UML models

4.2.1 Use case diagram

[float Figure:
<Graphics file: /Users/Luca/Software-Engineering-II-Project/RASD/UseCaseDiagram.png>
[Figure 3: 
Use case diagram, portraying all the functionalities that the 
user expects from the service
]
]

4.2.2 Use case descriptions

Name: ServiceNormalUsage
Actors: User (Lilith, Scenario 1)
Entry conditions: The client is already registered to the 
application
Flow of events:

• The user logs in the app using his/her credentials.

• The user searches for an available car using a special section 
  of the app.

• The user selects an available car and inputs the time he/she 
  thinks will be necessary to reach the car and pick it up.

• The user uses a special option on the app that allows him/her 
  to communicate that he/she's nearby and needs the code to 
  access the car.

• The system sends the user an SMS or mail containing the access 
  code.

• The user uses the received code to access the car.

• The user turns on the car and drives.

Exit conditions: The user exits the car, and uses again the code 
neede to open it.
Exceptions: 

• The credentials furnished by the client are not correct. In 
  this case the system doesn't redirect the user to the main page 
  of the app but notifies him/her with an error message on the 
  screen.

• The user doesn't pick up in time the car, so it has to pay a 
  fee of 1 EUR. If the user already received the code to access 
  the car, the system invalidates it.

 
-------------------------------------------


Name: ServiceCancellation
Actors: Client (Mitch, scenario 2)
Entry conditions: The client is already registered to the 
application.
Flow of events:

• The user logs in the app using his/her credentials.

• The user searches for an available car using a special section 
  of the app.

• The user selects an available car and inputs the time he/she 
  thinks will be necessary to reach the car and pick it up.

• Before the reservation time expires, the user can select the 
  cancellation option from his/her app.

Exit conditions: The user cancels the reservation he/she 
previously made.
Exceptions: 

• The credentials furnished by the client are not correct. In 
  this case the system doesn't redirect the user to the main page 
  of the app but notifies him/her with an error message on the 
  screen.

• The user doesn't pick up in time the car, so it has to pay a 
  fee of 1 EUR and cannot cancel the reservation anymore.

 
-------------------------------------------


Name: CarMonitorning
Actors: Client (Lilith, scenario 2)
Entry conditions: The client is already registered to the 
application and has already logged in.
Flow of events:

• The user searches for the cars, available or not, within a 
  certain zone, that could be his/her position or a specific 
  address.

• The user selects the cars she wants to monitor.

• Every time that a car's satus changes, the user receives a 
  notification on her phone with the new status of that car.

Exit conditions: The user stops monitoring a determined car.

Exceptions: 

• The credentials furnished by the client are not correct. In 
  this case the system doesn't redirect the user to the main page 
  of the app but notifies him/her with an error message on the 
  screen.

• The user doesn't pick up in time the car, so it has to pay a 
  fee of 1 EUR and cannot cancel the reservation anymore.




Name: StopBy
Actors: Client (Mitch, Lilith scenario 3)
Entry conditions: The client unlocks the car and turns it on
Flow of events:

• The user turns on the car and drives.

• After some km the user stops the car bacause he and his wife 
  have some things to do.

• The user extracts the key from the car and turn it off.

• After a while the users return on the car and proceed to their 
  destination.

Exit conditions: The user enters the lock code to end the 
service.
Exceptions: 

• The car has no fuel and remains stuck near the shop, far from 
  any safe area.




Name: Accident
Actors: Client (Mitch, scenario 5)
Entry conditions: The client unlocks the car and turns it on
Flow of events:

• The user turns on the car and drives.

• Suddently an other car is not able to stop and the 2 cars have 
  a crush.

• The user, if not badly injured, is able to press the button and 
  speack with an operator.

Exit conditions: An operator arrives on site (where the accident 
occurred).
Exceptions: 

• There is no accident during the drive.

• Multiple operator are called on site.

• The Button is not working.




Name: AfterService
Actors: Client (Lilith, scenario 5)
Entry conditions: The client drives the car and ends the service 
Flow of events:

• After a while the user receives a notification on her phone 
  with the details of the billing and every single discount that 
  have been applied.

Exit conditions: Visualize the notification.
Exceptions: 

• The user receives no notification.

• There has been a wrong overcharge.




Name: NoMoney
Actors: Client (Mitch, Lilith, scenario 6)
Entry conditions: The client searches for cars nearby and selects 
one. 
Flow of events:

• The User searches for a car and selects one.

• The user is aware that he hasn't enough money on his paycard, 
  so we has to choose between challenging the system and trying 
  to get as much discounts as he can, or to give up and go by 
  feet.

Exit conditions: Proceed in the reservation or exit the 
procedure.
Exceptions: 

• The credentials furnished by the client are not correct. In 
  this case the system doesn't redirect the user to the main page 
  of the app but notifies him/her with an error message on the 
  screen.

• The user doesn't pick up in time the car, so it has to pay a 
  fee of 1 EUR and cannot cancel the reservation anymore.






